meet bran
an 11 year old common raven
absolutely stunning and as one of the
corvid family the crow family famed for
his intelligence
and on that account i've set him a
little test he has a favorite
s-t-o-n-e when i say that word
he'll start to look for it so come on
finish your treat
now brad where's your stone where's your
stone
is it on the ground is it in the tree
[Music]
bruh
in neither of those places we've
actually hidden it under this branch
[Music]
there's clearly no falling this raven
it's hot work bran bran
come on come on now that was pretty
clever
pretty smart for a bird like this but
i've got a test for him today that's
going to
really challenge his bird brain
brown you just wait there for a second
please this is the challenge that we
built for bran today
in order to secure the meat treat hidden
at the back here
he's got to do a number of things push
the heavy ball out of the way withdraw
each one of these
three sticks drop the latch on the door
pull the door down using this piece of
string reach inside
pick up another piece of string which is
tied to the meat that's
seven stages that he will have to
complete
to get the treat he's been waiting in
the wings
let's see how our avian mastermind
might get on come on then bran
come on right
straight into ultimate the door's gone
the door's gone
and so both of the sticks pretty
smartish come on
hope get that out the way you're
absolutely right
now bear in mind he's never seen ouch
this particular challenge before
come on bran get that string
he's done it he's got the reward
absolutely sensational display
of avian intelligence
you